all right I got a better here is fake I
think I found him on some chat somewhere
so yeah he's gonna leave with tyranitar
which I kind of expected so i'm gonna go
ahead and lead off with Brett on to try
to scare him off with the woolly wisp or
maybe hide your pump so I'm gonna go
straight for the hydro pump I don't
really care if he brings in bruin guru I
got Becca and Lee and I don't
really like to over predict early on it
the match so he brings in burger I'm
scarf that's not gonna work for me so I
need to switch out I thought he was
gonna go for like boiling water or
will-o-wisp toxic works out though
because I'm not really gonna take too
much for me and he's going to be forced
to switch out since um I don't think he
wants to take us that their boat to the
face so i dunno he has dual use it but i
don't want to over predict so I go
straight for the t-bolt and not had to
get out of here since I don't want to
take the rockslide to the face so I'm
gonna switch out to that earth because
that takes any hit from door yuzu and
yeah get off my poison and now i'm gonna
start predicting since he's making all
the obvious switches so I know he has a
solid man so I'm gonna go straight for
the ice leg but due to intimidate I
swing isn't really gonna do as much as I
hope so I don't know what type of
Salamis that is they might be mixed I
don't think it's dragon anson so close
what kind of laws that guy and yeah so
I'm assuming he's mixed I'm just gonna
go off to Rotom hopefully um you fire
off a Draco meteor and I'd be able to it
just but he goes straight for the
outrage which kind of confuses me thin
tum gliss or is this physical wall but
whatever I got not to worry i go to not
to anything he hits a creek yeah you get
to create which is like whatever i'm
gonna get up some stuff rock and um yeah
so he went for outrage I know the
outrage that always runs on Fire Blast
because of not or a fortress and gomery
so I'm gonna death water my own Rotom
which didn't really do too much but
whatever Santa's gonna finish him off
and now I'm just gonna go
boutros since I know botros could do a
lot of damage since I do have the focus
blessed and he might go to tyranitar
again I go for the folks blast um
knowing he's going to predict me to over
predict so it messes though which is
like pretty bad but whatever I can deal
with it so now I know he's going to
switch out to brew guru so I'm gonna go
for the tea Bowl and he gets wrecked so
if that focus blast would hit would have
been kind of helpful but whatever eighty
percent isn't accurate enough i guess so
i'm pretty sure he's not gonna want to
switch out broom Garrison's pretty much
useless and i believe i got up stealth
rock so he's probably not gonna walk
he's probably not gonna be able to bring
him in again and do a lot of stuff so
yeah tebow finishes them off and i got
my share fifty percent health he goes to
assess or i think i could live a bullet
punch so i'm just gonna stay and hit him
with a powerful thunderbolt Wow why did
I say a powerful that was lame
so he predicts mice which I guess goes
for a u-turn and I barely live it but
Santa's gonna finish me off even if San
didn't finish me the poison would have
killed me off so whatever he goes to
tirana tar I'm gonna go to my Blaziken
and wreck his with a jump kick and
yeah he's pretty much in deep since
um his ghost is dead which means that
like all of his team is weak to
fighting now so I'm sitting here pretty
good but I know the reason was gonna be
faster than me even after the speedy
boost I do have protect to get a second
speed boosts please they're gonna be
faster so I'm gonna go to that earth and
dodges earthquake i believe so yeah now
i'm gonna predict his switch go for the
earthquake um and finish off the
scissors so he started off predicting me
I guess the couple turns but since then
I've been raking his because bro
but yeah so now he's got a a
heat ran out and I'm just gonna bring
her nam nattu hey cats death water so i
can bring in latias
and hit him with the surf and that's not
gonna quite kill since I am NOT specs
and he's gonna go for a night Joe
charged for some reason by don't really
care since I heatran doesn't really run
a dragon pulse anymore it's got better
options like hidden powers and garbage
like that so like I said he doesn't have
the dragon pools and a second surface
easily gonna take him out so I think
he's got dories left and I got like a
shitload of stuff left so I'm not
worried because I got that earth and
that Irv he's gonna handle that door you
I just got to pop his balloon and then I
shouldn't be able to kill him off with
the earthquake so he gets a flinch which
is like whatever he's gonna do luck he's
gonna need like 18 of those to be able
to kill me so I go for the Acrobat
poppies balloon and now he's not gonna
be able to flow in the air so that is he
gonna his up so yeah um
comment rate all that and about